# Naive Version of Abnormality Detection
The file ``process.py`` includes basic exploration of features and naive implementation of abnormality detection on environmental sensors. 

## Feature Exploration.
It's important to consider how to model these features, to consider its temporal patterns or spatial patterns (correlation with other features). This program extract data of specified topics and draw its temporal changing pattern as well as value distribution. 2-D distributions on pairs of features are also produced to find any correlation between any two features. For now, considered features include temperature, humidity, pm1, pm2.5, pm10, generated by AirBeam-8042.

## Abnormality Detection based on Gaussian Distribution
In this example, we apply two simple methods for outlier detection. Both consider only the current value of a single sensor, judging normality based on pre-defined parameters. The first method just calculates the mean and standard variance, using them to judge. The second method method trys to fit the frequency of data into a gaussian distribution and get the parameters. If the new comming data has little possibility to come from this gaussian distribution, we say this data is abnormal.

## Remaining Problems
* Do we really need abnormality detection? Because during our tests, in most cases, the sensor simply failed down due to low battery or communication errors and the data stopped comming out. It's rare to see abnormal data. Another thing is, there is some largely different values, but it's hard to give the value an "abnormal" label as we are not sure.
* Sensors need calibration. For example, temperature data generated from AirBeam-8042 and MetaSense-E7E1 at near time stamps are 34 and 27.4 respectively. Which one is correct?
* Some sensors' value distribution are not gaussian distribution, e.g. humidity data in this example. Or some data are impossible to fit in gaussian curve, like pm1 in this example. What information can we get from their data pattern and how to process them?
* Data shows little correlation with each other, like the temperature and humidity data in this example seem to be independent through their 2-D distribution graph.
* Different sensor types need different methods in abnormality detection. This example starts from environmental sensors. But think about what should we do to PIR data, and what should we do to drawer or bulb data, which consists of a list of 0s and 1s? Should we consider the temporal or history pattern of this single sensor (maybe FFT) or spatial and correlation distribution with other data types?